desperate relatives and friends of mototaxista jamilson de são sebastião
23 years old did not believe what had happened
tragedy occurred at the corner of the nine
silva neighborhood of umarizal
according to witnesses the mototaxista would have advanced the second red signal
information vehicle fiesta
the dash with the sign was yellow
and look at the same time the pac
the mototaxista crossed what hit a car
possibly direct we are going to see a career
at the same time and trigger the expertise o iml
for he did this without mentioning here of expertise will be parked
to air transport r7
debut it for power we always win this fiesta driver no
I wanted to record the interview but what I wanted to say to you with the approval, what
the signal was open for him he further said that the next
I do not see him lives here in the house.
sidney low speed when
already felt the thump on the side of the car
He said he did not see the bike.
the start will have the vehicle hit
was destroyed
the driver did not want to record interview
the traffic was slow in the place a woman with identity not revealed
I was on the bike with a thousand craving just at the time of the accident she suffered injuries
and was taken to the emergency room on March 14
that there was negligence on the part of the medical care service
urgency
lack of equipment and medicines contributed to the death of the
mototaxista the ambulance arrived
immaterial
It took too long.
our personal purpose that claims of outsourcing the service
and I'll even warn the police as much as it's a delay
if we had arrived earlier maybe I would have helped your country
to survive
and what I'm going to love you, the health workers said when
You started complaining.
what to complain the was arriving with few population has to claim the game the
group there can be no health situation as an extra
he is stuck in the cane base they themselves recognize could do nothing
with him does not have the medicine fireman also did not have
this happened
but once again the fans